$Id$

OpenDNSSEC 1.2.0 - Known Restrictions

The following are the known problems and/or restrictions of release 1.2.0 of
OpenDNSSEC.


Limitations on Number of Zones
------------------------------

Owing to contention in the key management database, performance is degraded if
OpenDNSSEC is used to sign large numbers of zones that do not share common
keys. The problem is worse if SQLite is used for the key and signature manager
database.

As a workaround, we suggest that either the same key is used for all zones, or
that the number of zones be limited to about 5,000.

This will be addressed in a future release of the software.


Incompatibility in TSIG Key
---------------------------

When setting up a TSIG key for the zone fetcher component, it should be noted
that the SHA algorithm family used by OpenDNSSEC is incompatible with the
BIND-9, due to a problem in the latter's cryptographic library.

The problem is fixed in the upcoming BIND-9.7 release; in the meantime, avoid
using TSIG authentication between the zone fetcher and the upstream
nameserver.


Possible Issue between enforcer and signer
------------------------------------------

We have seen, but only on centOS, an issue where when the enforcer signals the
signer that a signer configuration file has changed the return value indicates
an error. This happens even when the signer is running and has correctly
processed the message.

The result is that the enforcer does not message the signer about any more
changes in that run. So, if any other zones change, they will not be seen
until the next time the signer runs.

If you are affected by this issue then you will see messages like this in your
log: ods-enforcerd: Could not call signer engine ods-enforcerd: Will continue:
call 'ods-signer update' to manually update zones


Issue with rolling from one algorithm to another
------------------------------------------------

The current version will handle key rollovers that also change algorithm just the
same as any other key rollover. This is not sufficient; and so rolling between
algorithms is broken and should not be done with the current system.
